[Pages] Framework Guides style guide review (#1954)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-nextjs-site.md

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > Account Home > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), navigating to Account Home > **Pages** dashboard, and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:
```

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:

Author: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:
```

}
```

After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `next`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

<Aside type="note">

> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to [the Get started guide](/get-started).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Get started guide](/get-started).
```

</Aside>

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`. 
Every time you commit new code to your Next.js site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

## Learn more

> By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Next.js site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, [refer to the list of Framework guides](/framework-guides).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Next.js site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, refer to our other [framework guides](/framework-guides).
```
